All right.
Congratulations for making it through this section we cover a lot of material in the section.
Hopefully you have a pretty good grasp of C plus plus functions and how they work.
Now you're ready for a challenge.
This challenge won't be easy.
Remember the challenge from Section 9 in that challenge we had a vector of integers and we wrote a menu
driven system that allowed the user to display the numbers add a number to the list calculate the mean
the smallest and the largest.
That challenge was all about applying what you learned up to that point in the course and let you use
control flow statements like loops and if statements.
Well for this challenge we're going to solve that problem all over again except this time our solution
will be modularized in terms of functions.
You can start with your solution and refactor it so that it uses functions.
Or you can start with my solution which is included in the challenge project in workspace 11.
Or you could start this challenge from scratch.
It's really up to you.
Let me give you a few hints and tips for this challenge.
Remember this is not an easy challenge.
If you get frustrated take a break come back to it later.
Here are a few hints.
Create functions for each of the major functions in the program.
Keep the functions small.
Remember that boss worker analogy.
Keep the vector declaration in the main function and pass the vector object to any function that requires
it.
Don't be tempted to move that vector object outside the main and make it a global variable that would
really defeat the whole purpose of this exercise.
Now you can start by defining a function that displays the menu.
That's a real simple function call it display menu and all it is is a bunch of output statements and
then you can call that function whenever you need to display the menu.
You can then define a function that reads the selection from the user and returns it in upper case.
That one we don't have to deal with checking lower case and upper case selections then create functions
for each menu option and then finally create functions that display the list of numbers function that
calculates the mean a function that looks for the smallest and the largest and so forth.
Take it one function at a time and take your time.
Again if you get frustrated take a break.
Finally don't forget to use function prototypes.
Use them.
Let the compiler help you every step of the way.
All right good luck.
I know you can do it when you're finished.
Compare it to my solution which is in the next video.